Technoblade

TECHNOBLADE NEVER DIES

equally possible posibilities

sometimes its tough being the best

if you wish to defeat me, train for another 100 years

if i throw enough enderpearls, i teleport faster

help Deo, im getting chased by a minotity

Most opportunities are created by luck. It takes skill to grasp those opportunities and turn it into succes

Jeffrey stubbed his toe. free history taught by idiot

any second now its gonna say Obama has been added to the group chat

2 4 6 8 who do we appreciate? us, revenge yeah yeah    avenging ranboo dsmp

expelliarmus

thats what my teacher said and then i made it a career

hello young child im here to update bedwars

i love you too, he sais under thread of being banned

will I ams (willbur / williams)

it began to seem like that was truly the only way

the snitches be everywhere

who called the po  lice

did you try getting good?

men equal tall; women equal not quite as tall in general sometimes

no matter how ridiculous the odds may seem within us resides the power to overcome these challenges and achieve something beautiful

come back in a million years

all war is deception

i think im gonna have to cancel my unannounced boxing match with floyd mayweather 

bet you never heard bout the birds and bears. Imagine playing a game made of squares. im the 21 century. youre the middle ages. beating you is a career mrbeast pays me wages

someone who really understood (...the spirit of christmas)

dibs on the planet

he thinks he can outsmart me with my own strategies because he is yet to realize that he is but a puppet and I the puppeteer dance potato boy dance

i gotta prepare myself mentally for this fight. i must not fear. fear is the mind killer. the little death that brings total obliteration. i will face my fear. i will permit it to pass over me and through me. and when it has gone past i will turn the inner eye to see its path. where the fear has gone there will be nothing. only i will remain

mandatory volunteers

advanced interrogation techniques

i love you too, but do you know who loves you the most? the void

old habits die hard

you wanna see what Pope Francis says when he kills nerds in skywars

they are gonna put like a poem by shakespeare in between one of the letters

man being stuck in this hole would be way cooler if i kept soup in my echest

we dont have pants and we are slapping people with our meat

you cant use the sword of gryffindor youre in ravenclaw. and i cut his head off

absolute power corrupts absolutely

its ok im in the process of becoming hot right now

kill, kill, blood, death, do it, blood, blood, TOBUSCUS. i dont know what that one guy was

oh that cough did more damage to me than you did

and yet and yet im managing

my chat has told me to eat, and i was like but i have 10 hunger bars and then like a minute later im like ohhh they mean breakfast

im at like one and a half hunger bars in real life

purple represents royalty and ambition

if you dont i will be slightly annoyed you wouldnt like me when im slightly annoyed so you better click on is

imagine being pregnant for 9 months just to give birth to a Minecraft YouTuber

I'm an atheist, but when God sends me to Hell, I want him to hesitate.
